Gerardo Treviño
Phone-Alt +528125679570 | Envelope geratrevino115@gmail.com | CODE geratrevino.com | Map-marker-alt MX
EXPERIENCE
Spacelab MX
Monterrey, NL
Computer Vision Lead Engineer
Jun. 2023 – Present
• Oversee the design, development, and implementation of cutting-edge algorithms for real-time autonomous systems,
utilizing deep learning models like DETR, SAM with frameworks such as PyTorch and NVIDIA DeepStream.
• Coordinate with cross-functional teams, including software developers and data scientists, to integrate computer
vision technologies into security and defense systems, utilizing JavaScript and AWS.
• Ensure the successful deployment of vision systems in real time by conducting rigorous testing, optimizing algorithms
for performance and accuracy, and implementing robust validation procedures, while maintaining high standards.
Computer Vision Engineer
May 2022 – June, 2023
• Designed and developed computer vision algorithms comparing models and methods for autonomous drones,
enabling eﬃcient object identiﬁcation using YOLOv8.
• Developed scripts for both backend and frontend of applications to integrate and eﬀectively use vision technologies,
allowing the implementation of algorithms and the visualization of results in interactive and user-friendly interfaces.
• Implemented image processing techniques to enhance the quality and clarity of visual data, including designing and
creating custom programs to apply ﬁlters, color corrections, noise removal, and other transformations to facilitate
information extraction from images.
CIMA
Querétaro, QRO
Computer Vision Research
June 2020 – April 2022
• Implemented computer vision algorithms on embedded systems, optimizing performance and computational
eﬃciency for real-time applications using YOLOv3 Tiny.
• Collected, processed, and analyzed data for predictive modeling in data science to obtain relevant insights and
generate reports that drive decision-making.
INDUTELSA
Saltillo, COA
Industrial Application Developer
March 2019 – November 2019
• Developed hardware, devices, and software to set up workstations for clients in C#, ensuring speciﬁc user needs.
• Implemented devices such as HMI and PLC from Allen Bradley/Siemens/Turk, RFID, and Andon systems for
workstation and plant operation.
PROJECTS
Skyprotector
• Surveillance system designed for industrial sites, enabling early detection of intrusions and quick response to
emergency situations using a combination of drone technologies.
EDUCATION
M.Sc. in Artiﬁcial Intelligence
Jun. 2020 – Dec. 2021
Autonomous University of Querétaro
Querétaro, MX
B.Sc. in Electronics
Aug. 2015 – Dec. 2018
Autonomous University of Coahuila
Coahuila, MX
SKILLS
Languages : Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, SQL (PostgreSQL, MySQL), C#, C++
Tools : Pytorch, Docker, AWS, Figma, Notion, Jira, GitHub, Arduino, Opencv
